We were inspired by pac-man to create this game.

The whole point of the game is to advance through the levels by collecting 10 pieces of gold
and going through the portals without getting killed, and also
to beat the monsters in collecting the gold.

The base of this game is built by these entities (Entities that we added in):
    1. Player/Axe ability: The main character of the game. The point of him is to collect 10 pieces of gold from the map
    to escape the level and move on. Player can kill ghosts and skeletons with his axe throwing
    ability.

    2. Skeletons: The point of the skeletons are to hunt you down and kill you before you escape
    the level. Have the ability to respawn unless player kills skeleton from one till in front.

    3. Ghosts: The point of the ghost are to eat the coins on the map and return it to their base.
    There are a limited amount of coins on map 2 and 3, so if the ghost return the coins to its base
    before you get 10, then you lose the game. have ability to spawn unless player kills within one tile.

    4. Portal/Cal Poly Logos: The portal is a way for the player to advance to the next level. The Cal Poly
    logo is where the ghosts will bring the gold to (home base for ghosts).

    5. Temporary Walls: These walls were created to block of the portal which is the exit way out of the level.
    to open these walls all the player has to do is collect 10 pieces of gold and the walls will automatically go
    down.

    At the starting of the game you will be put into a game beginning screen where you will have to press enter to start.
Once you press enter it will then take you to the first level. This level was built a bit easier so you can get used to
the keys, and the objective of the game. It has unlimited gold production, just for this level. You will still have to
beat the ghosts to the gold and still have to kill the skeletons. Once you collect 10 gold, the door to the next level opens
up. In level 2 and 3, there is a limited amount of gold, so this is where you will have to actually play smart and beat
the ghosts to the gold. Once you collect 10 gold, you will be able to pass on to level 3 and then win the game.

!!!NEW DEVELOPER MODE!!!
    We also created a developer mode where you can make maps without having to manually input points. When in dev mode
you will be able to add entities and remove entities. Once you are satisfied with your map placement of all the entities,
all you have to do is press the 'l' key and it generates the text you have to copy and paste into a file. Finally, all you
have to do it add it to a simple switch statement in Virtual World and your ready to play your new level!!!